# Study going over the stretch vs squeeze

Study going over resistance profiles with Stretch vs Squeeze. What is better to focus on for muscle growth?

Jeremy Ethier a popular gym creator conducted a study on the stretch. he did this by getting participants to train both of their limbs - one side with an ascending profile (hardest at the end) and one side with a descending profile (hardest at the start). the results of this was that there were NO statistically significant differences in growth between limbs.

how did they test the stretch and squeeze? they used single joint exercises (only one action is being trained) and trained one side with a descending resistance profile and the other with an ascending resistance profile using a setting on the machines.

how well was the study carried out? the participants were untrained, trained twice each week for 10 weeks doing 5 sets per exercise with 30 secs rest between limbs and 120 seconds before they went back to the same limb. - looking over this muscle swelling is still a factor in both limbs, as well as inadequate rest. another thing to keep in mind is that they arent directly testing stretch mediated hypertrophy as the rom is constant. a set of 10 repetitions at 50% 1RM as a warm-up on each limb for each exercise. 30s of rest was taken between limbs and 120 seconds between sets for the ipsilateral limb. The order of the non-dominant and dominant limb was alternated each RT session. Exercise order remained consistent over the course of the RT program: 1) Reverse Fly 2) Chest Fly 3) Multi-Hip 4) Lateral Raise.

ignoring the flaws what else contributes? the main factor is exercise selection. untrained lifters will grow very well regardless of what they do. they also are in a motor unit recruitment deficit meaning that they won't benefit as much from doing these single joint exercises and will be close to the upper limit of how well they can grow. if it were something like a chest press where there are more joint actions involved with different muscle groups involved i.e chest / triceps compared to a single joint fly the resistance profile would have a greater impact.

overall it was a very mediocre shorter term study on untrained lifters. yes when doing single joint exercises the resistance profile wont matter as much as there are less muscles competing. but there can be a very minimal difference matching the resistance profile with the strength profile of the muscle youre training in order to diminish any voluntary activation deficit - but this small change wouldnt make any noticable difference in outcomes for an untrained. and in general for your single joint exercises RP doesnt matter much i.e ascending vs descending pec dec.
