# Yes. i am @king_deltoids.

## Video 1 transcript

Yes, I am big pro 427. Unfortunately, the secret is out, but what can I do? Many of you guys know me as king deltoids very popular on Instagram. They're on TikTok for some reason. They just don't like me, but yeah, I Created the big pro account back in the beginning of summer just because some of my content was just unorganized and a little bit more advanced The terminology than the average person could comprehend so I want to make an account that was just as simple as possible Step-by-step of everything super easily digestible content which I succeeded in I have over 30,000 followers now on The big pro account more than my actual main account that I post on with my name and image I tried to keep it a secret as much as possible, but unfortunately I couldn't do that. I'm a I'm a blabber mouth, and I I'd tell a lot of people things that I shouldn't really say such as my identity Ah It's been quite a journey quite a journey guys Quite a journey grew platform on Multiple accounts. It's just unbelievable. I couldn't do it without you guys You guys haven't my stepping stone since day one never I never gave up I never gave up and look where I'm at if that's one thing you get from this entire video of me Confronting my identity is that you could do literally anything you put your mind to you don't have to put a face to your image You can make things out of nothing out of nothing this little phone you have is so So much more than just a phone. It is it can be your entire future Entire future just build a community if you want to start posting start posting don't Don't deep down just because the people you're just afraid of what people think if you are afraid of that Just make a nameless account like what I did You can truly do whatever you truly put your mind to and I hope you guys all know that I Hope you know that If you have a dream chase it. I had this dream and I chased it I love every single one of you guys without you guys. I couldn't be here right now and I just want to say Thank you guys. Thank you for everything
